java c
COMPX251
Applied Computing Tools
An Introduction to   Raster Graphics
P2   InstructionsYou   should   have   completed   the   two   P1s   for   your   theme   .   The   remaining   part   of the   theme   is   the   project   (P2)   .   The   project   requires   you   to   submit   two      short      posts      to      Moodle      outlining      your      planned      project,      build      the project,   attend   a   show   and   tell   session   to   demonstrate   your   project,   and   write a report describing your project and your experiences   .
The time line is:
1.                                                             Think about what you want to do for   a P2   Project.
2.                                                          Post   a one   paragraph   statement   of your proposed P2 project
First   theme    —   end   of   week   4    (A      B),   middle   of   week   2   (Summer)   .   Second theme   — end of week   10 (A  B), middle of   week 5   (Summer)   .The   idea   of   this   statement   is   to   show   that   you   are   underway   with   your   project, and to   share your idea for critique.   The paragraph   should   broadly   outline   the   work   you   are   planning   (which   option   are   you   considering,   what   is   the   overall   intention   for   the   image   ,   what   tools   will   you   use,   and   broadly how will you approach the construction   .Add   your   statement   to   the   Photoshop   theme   discussion   in   Moodle   .   You   should   consider   the   postings   from   your   classmates   and   comment   on   the   suitability/feasibility of their choices. Be prepared to   defend   your   choice   .   (Remember, part of your assessment is based on your contributions)   .
3.                                                          Post   an   outline   of the design for your   project   publications
First   theme    —   middle   of   week   5    (A      B),   end   of   week   2   (Summer)   .   Second theme   — middle of week   11 (A  B), end of   week 5   (Summer)   .
The idea of the outline is to   show that   you   are   working   satisfactorily,   and   to show your project design. Your outline should   include:
•         what option have you chosen
•         who is your target audience
•       what   do   you   want   the   audience   to   get   from   the   imagen
•         a    description    of    your    intended    image    (general      layout,      effects      you   intend to use, etc)   .
•         a   description   of how   you   intend   to   manipulate   your   image   (necessary   layers, breakdown of   pieces, use of masks or other techniques)
•         an estimate of time required to implement the P2   project   and   write   the report; and a costing   for   that   time   .Note:                                           In   regard   to   the   last   point,   given   your   project   outline   ,   we   want   you   toestimate the time it will take you to implement the project,   and   the   time   it   will   take   to   write   the   report.      hen   tell   us   what   you   think   the   completed   project   would   cost,   i.e   .   what   would   you pay   if you   were   asking   someone   to   make   it   for   you,   or   conversely,   what   would   you   charge   to   make   it   for   someone else?
You   should   consider the postings   from your   classmates   and   comment   on   any problems you perceive in their designs. Discuss any feedback.
4.                                                          Spend      the      remaining      weeks      of      the      theme      working      on      your      project. Remember to record the time that you spend working on the project.
5.                                                             Sign up for and attend   a   show   and   tell   session
First theme   — during week 7 (A  B),   end   of week   3   (Summer)   .
Second theme   — during study week (A  B),   end   of week   6   (Summer)   .The    ‘show    and    tell’      session      is      to      demonstrate      and      explain      your      P2   project.   Show   and   tell   sessions   will   be   held   separately   for   each   theme,   and you will need to reserve   a   space   in   a   session   before   they   start.   Check Moodle for the session times and how to   sign up for   a   session   .
6.                                                            Write   up   a   brief   (no   more   than   four   pages)   report   that   summarises   your   publication    design    and    the    design    process    for    Part      B      of    the    project.   Emphasis   should   be   given   to   your   consideration   of the   design   problems   and   your   outcomes. i.e.   justify   why   you   came   up   with   the   design   you   did.   The   'what'   should   be   there   primarily   to   illustrate   the   'why'.   When   you   write the report, record the time spent writing.Reflect   on   the   process   in   your   report.   How   did   you   find   the   software   to   use?   How   successful   was   your project?   Relate   this   to   some reflection   on   the material you   covered   in the P1   modules   (what   you   thought   was   good   and   bad,   and   consider   the   feedback   from   the   Moodle   discussion)   .   What   have   you   learned   from   the   experience?    Compare   your   time   estimates   from your outline with your actual time spent. Discuss any   discrepancies   .
7.                                                            After   your   ‘show      tell’   presentation,   submit   your   report   and   any   other   files requested by the marker at your presentation into Moodle   .
8.                                                          The    report    must      be    handed    in    at  代 写COMPX251 An Introduction to Raster Graphics P2Python
代做程序编程语言  the    end    of    the    show    and    tell    week First    theme      —    end    of    week    7    (A          B),      end      of    week      3      (Summer)   .   Second theme   — end of study week (A  B),   end   of week 6   (Summer)   .   .
Photoshop   P2 Options
Introduction to   Raster Graphics   P2This   P2   project   applies   the   material   you   explored   in   the   Introduction   to   Raster   Graphics   module   .      This   module   is   in   two   parts   .   You   are   to   carry   out   one   of the   options to meet the ‘brief’   below   .   Then   you   are   to   prepare   a   report   describing   the   processes   you   utilised,   and   explaining   why   you   produced the solution   you   did.The illustration is to be created in Adobe Photoshop   CC   ,   and   the   report   is   to   be   prepared   using   either   Adobe   InDesign   or   Microsoft   Word.   You   will present and discuss your illustration at a   Show    Tell   session   .
Part   A:
This   will   allow   you   to   demonstrate   your   understanding   of   the   practical   techniques. Choose ONE of the following options:1)       Image       compilation/restoration:       The       file       BOATBLUR.JPG       is       a   digitised         glass       plate          negative          of          very       poor          quality.          The          file   BOATBLR2.JPG is from   another   scan of the   same negative.   Using   these   images produce a good quality restoration of all or part of the scene   .2)   Image   restoration:   The   file   HANDC.JPG   is   a   digitised   image   from   a   damaged   glass   plate   negative   of   a   horse   and   cart   passing   some   shops.   Generate a good quality restoration of the whole   scene   .3)          Montage:          The             files          in          the             folder          MONTAGE1.ZIP          and   MONTAGE2.ZIP   contain   pictures   of   adjacent   areas   of   a   scene   .   Choose   one      set      of    photos       and      combine      the      images      to      produce      a       smooth   panoramic scene   .
Specification
The project should demonstrate/ include the following:
•       Illustrate   the   use   of   a   variety   of   the   Photoshop   tools   and   techniques
•       Have   consistency   and   a reasonable   level   of complexity
•         Have appropriate adjustments
•         Be a single consistent realistic   sceneIt    should    not      be      necessary      to      use      anything      other      than      the      supplied   materials   . The content must be your own work unless it is   limited   amount   of   material    (in    which    case    the    source    must    be    suitably    cited    in    your   report)   .   Any   other   material   you   base   your   work   on   (like   tutorials)   must   also be suitably referenced.Please   note   that   the   University   does   not   condone   plagiarism   and   if   it   is   determined   you   have   made   unacknowledged   use   of   another   persons   work action   will   be   taken   under   the   University's   discipline   regulations   (see   the University calendar)
The   final   image   presented   is   a   high-res   PDF   (min   300dpi   suitable   for   printing). You are also to submit your un-flattened Photoshop files   .
Part   B:Part   A   has   shown   that   you   can   generate   a   realistic   result   by   modifying   images   in   Photoshop   —   part   B   is   to   demonstrate   your   understanding   of   the process of designing the workflow and creating that realistic image   .You   are   to   write   a   report   summarising   your   project   design   and   the   work   process   .   Emphasis   should   be   given   to   your   consideration   of   the   design   problems    and    your    outcomes   .    i.e   .   justify    why    you    came    up    with    the   solution   you   did.   The   'what'   should   be   there   primarily   to   illustrate   the   'why'.   Use   your   design   documents    (sketches,    etc)    and    screen-shots    to   illustrate   your   report.   Relate   this   to   some   reflection   on   the   material   you   covered   in   the   P1   modules   (what   you   thought   was   good   and   bad,   and   consider any feedback from Moodle)   .The   report   must   include   a   comparison   of   the   time   estimates   from   your   outline   with   the   actual   recorded   time   working   on   the   project   and   writing   the    report.    Comment    on      any      differences,      including    reasons      why      the   estimate   varied   from   the   time   used. Based   on   this   experience, how   would you   produce   a   better   time   estimate   for   future   projects?   Compare   your   finished   product   with   your   estimate   of   its   worth   from   your   outline   .   Do   you   think   that   it   is   worth   what   you   proposed   paying/charging?   If   not,   give   a   new   cost   for   what   was   actually   created.   Use this   new   cost   and the   number   of   hours   you   worked   on   it   to   calculate   your   ‘hourly   wage’   for   the project. Comment on whether this is a good   wage?
The report   should be   1000-2000   words   (at least   one page,   to   around   four   word-processed text pages), plus screenshots, diagrams, and attachments   .
What   to   hand   in:
Submission is electronic via Moodle   . You are to hand in:
•         your report (pdf or word document)
•         your Photoshop and PDF files
•       bring a printed   version   of your final   image to   the   show      tell.
(Flexi   students   may   be   expected   to   submit   the   print   via   mail   –   check   with your marker at the   show    tell)



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
